<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@google/vision](./vision.md) &gt; [vision\_v1](./vision.vision_v1.md) &gt; [Schema$ImportProductSetsGcsSource](./vision.vision_v1.schema_importproductsetsgcssource.md) &gt; [csvFileUri](./vision.vision_v1.schema_importproductsetsgcssource.csvfileuri.md)

## vision\_v1.Schema$ImportProductSetsGcsSource.csvFileUri property

The Google Cloud Storage URI of the input csv file.

The URI must start with `gs://`<!-- -->.

The format of the input csv file should be one image per line. In each line, there are 8 columns.

1. image-uri 2. image-id 3. product-set-id 4. product-id 5. product-category 6. product-display-name 7. labels 8. bounding-poly

The `image-uri`<!-- -->, `product-set-id`<!-- -->, `product-id`<!-- -->, and `product-category` columns are required. All other columns are optional.

If the `ProductSet` or `Product` specified by the `product-set-id` and `product-id` values does not exist, then the system will create a new `ProductSet` or `Product` for the image. In this case, the `product-display-name` column refers to display\_name, the `product-category` column refers to product\_category, and the `labels` column refers to product\_labels.

The `image-id` column is optional but must be unique if provided. If it is empty, the system will automatically assign a unique id to the image.

The `product-display-name` column is optional. If it is empty, the system sets the display\_name field for the product to a space (" "). You can update the `display_name` later by using the API.

If a `Product` with the specified `product-id` already exists, then the system ignores the `product-display-name`<!-- -->, `product-category`<!-- -->, and `labels` columns.

The `labels` column (optional) is a line containing a list of comma-separated key-value pairs, in the following format:

"key\_1=value\_1,key\_2=value\_2,...,key\_n=value\_n"

The `bounding-poly` column (optional) identifies one region of interest from the image in the same manner as `CreateReferenceImage`<!-- -->. If you do not specify the `bounding-poly` column, then the system will try to detect regions of interest automatically.

At most one `bounding-poly` column is allowed per line. If the image contains multiple regions of interest, add a line to the CSV file that includes the same product information, and the `bounding-poly` values for each region of interest.

The `bounding-poly` column must contain an even number of comma-separated numbers, in the format "p1\_x,p1\_y,p2\_x,p2\_y,...,pn\_x,pn\_y". Use non-negative integers for absolute bounding polygons, and float values in \[0, 1\] for normalized bounding polygons.

The system will resize the image if the image resolution is too large to process (larger than 20MP).

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
csvFileUri?: string | null;
```
